# ThickClientAssessments

- Thick Client Penetration Testing Methodology - https://www.cyberark.com/resources/threat-research-blog/thick-client-penetration-testing-methodology
- Cerbero Suite - State-of-the-art suite of tools for malware triage and file analysis. Analysis for many file formats including PE, Mach-O, ELF, Java, SWF, DEX, PDF, DOC, XLS, RTF, Zip and many more. Automatic analysis, interactive analysis, Carbon Interactive Disassembler, byte-code disassemblers (.NET MSIL, Java, DEX, ActionScript2/3, VBA, fonts), hex editor with layouts, Windows memory analysis (raw dumps, WinDmp files, hibernation files), JavaScript debugger, extremely rich Python3 SDK, extension support, C++/PDB structures importer, support for projects and bookmarks. Completely multi-platform (Windows, Linux, OS X). Full trial available for download.

- Explorer Suite - A freeware suite of tools including a PE editor called CFF Explorer and a process viewer. The PE editor has full support for PE32/64. Special fields description and modification (.NET supported), utilities, rebuilder, hex editor, import adder, signature scanner, signature manager, extension support, scripting, disassembler, dependency walker etc. First PE editor with support for .NET internal structures. Resource Editor (Windows Vista icons supported) capable of handling .NET manifest resources. The suite is available for x86 and x64.

- Phoenix Protector - A protection software for .NET assemblies. It provides obfuscation features like Name, String and Control Flow Obfuscation. The last feature is particularly important since it prevents the .NET assembly from being decompiled into an understandable language. The Name Obfuscation is provided with an exclusion list. Also there are some more features. The Phoenix Protector is the ideal solution for every .NET developer, due to its support of every kind of project and compatibility with every version of the .NET framework. If you want to know more, click on the product for a detailed presentation.

- PEiD - PEiD detects most common packers, cryptors and compilers for PE files.It can currently detect more than 470 different signatures in PE files.It seems that the official website (www.peid.info) has been discontinued. Hence, the tool is no longer available from the official website but it still hosted on other sites.

- 	ILSpy	ILSpy is the open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler
